feat: Add verify_ssl to generated Client, allowing users of generated libraries to ignore ssl verification (#497)
openapi-generators/openapi-python-client: end_to_end_tests/golden-record/README.md

response: Response[MyDataModel] = await get_my_data_model.asyncio_detailed(client=client)
```

> By default when you're calling an https api it will attempt to verify that ssl is working correctly.
> Using certificate verification is highly recommended most of the time and is the default.
> But sometimes you may need to authenticate to a server (especially an internal server) using a custom certificate bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when you're calling an HTTPS API it will attempt to verify that SSL is working correctly. Using certificate verification is highly recommended most of the time, but sometimes you may need to authenticate to a server (especially an internal server) using a custom certificate bundle.
```

```python

> client = AuthenticatedClient(base_url="https://internal_api.example.com", 
>                              token="SuperSecretToken",
>                              verify_ssl='/path/to/certificate_bundle.pem')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client = AuthenticatedClient(
    base_url="https://internal_api.example.com", 
    token="SuperSecretToken",
    verify_ssl="/path/to/certificate_bundle.pem",
)
```

```

> or even disable ssl verification altogether, despite the fact that it can cause security risks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also disable certificate validation altogether, but beware that **this is a security risk**.
```

```python

> client = AuthenticatedClient(base_url="https://internal_api.example.com", 
>                              token="SuperSecretToken", 
>                              verify_ssl=False)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client = AuthenticatedClient(
    base_url="https://internal_api.example.com", 
    token="SuperSecretToken", 
    verify_ssl=False
)
```

```

> but be careful with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
